# AI Usage Document

Use of AI: -

1. AI Tools: ChatGPT and Github-Copilot. Used Github-Copilot for more concise and technical questions, and for ChatGPT I used it to generate me a .zip file containing a basic and general line of code so I could reuse and adapt. Generated initial project structure and code for WebSocket connection, basic parsing, repository, ViewModel, and Compose UI.

2 & 3. Example of useful Prompts that I used:

"Create me an android MVVM project with these requirements using Binance public WebSocket API and create a donwloadable .zip file. Android Dev Challenge Objective Build a real-time cryptocurrency price tracking android app in Kotlin that displays live price updates from multiple cryptocurrencies. Use this challenge to show us your development skills. Requirements Functionality Display a list of at least 5 different cryptocurrencies with live prices Show price changes (amount and percentage) with visual indicators Include a detail view that should appear when a cryptocurrency is selected Handle connection states and network interruptions and re-connects gracefully Technical Stack (Suggestion only) WebSockets - for real-time data Kotlin Coroutines - for reactive programming Jetpack Compose or xml - for UI Clean Architecture with MVVM pattern Data Source Use Binance public WebSocket API https://developers.binance.com/docs/binance-spot-api-docs/web-socket-streams wss://stream.binance.com:9443/ws/{symbol}@ticker Example: wss://stream.binance.com:9443/ws/btcusdt@ticker Multiple symbols can be combined: wss://stream.binance.com:9443/ws/btcusdt@ticker/ethusdt@ticker/adausdt@ticker"
(It was useful to get a general code base that worked as a foundation. Obviously it had his flaws (Architecture was almost correct but needed trimming, it created a Websocket communication but it lacked on also consulting the RESTful API to retrieve the cryptocurrencies. It also completely ignored the detail view screen creation).

"fetch the 5 symbols of the list using the API endpoint retrieving it using Retrofit"

"Implement network and error handling at ViewModel level" (This prompt was useful specially since I have tried describing that I wanted Network handling and it would fetch me the error at Repository Level. It didn't do exactly what I had in mind, but with some additional comments I managed to get the state handling that I wanted).

4. I came across some issues regarding error troubleshooting using AI, specially at build level with dependencies (and even trimming up the base project that was generated by AI). Some of the suggestions were very good, but there was some cases that I came across some situations that searching online was more useful, so I still think that both searching and usage of AI combined together make a better combo.
